# team6

**Team Members:** Alix Moody, Marcianne Nelson, and Maia Brown

**Pitch:** Our team proposes to create a set of how-to instructions for the open-source platform, ClassScheduler. 

# Audience Profile
Andy Dwyer, who plans to attend The University of Mississippi in the Fall of 2017, worries about managing his time between classes, social time, and work while beginning his first year of college. Like Andy, most college students struggle with managing their time and are prone to using technology rather than paper and pen. ClassScheduler is a program that utilizes plug-ins from a university’s website to help students enter their semester course load and find balance between school and personal time. Once a student has selected the semester or quarter that he or she is entering, the program blocks out any personal time that may be needed for jobs, homework, napping, meals, and socialization. Additionally, the ClassScheduler program avoids scheduling conflicts and closed sections so that students are less likely to overbook themselves. While staying organized and having one’s life scheduled before him or her, the program offers personal designing options to make the schedule more appealing to the student’s eye. Previous users of ClassScheduler have stated that they preferred their personal design over the design that their university’s website offered. A limitation to using the ClassScheduler program is that maintenance on the plug-in may be required dependent on when a university’s website was last updated. Academic websites change frequently and with each change maintenance will be imperative in order for the ClassScheduler program to work properly. ClassScheduler is a free and easy program that students can use without the stress of having to fill in a planner but instead have the option of easily accessing this program to help make one’s life more organized. If students have an issue with operating the ClassScheduler program, they may want to refer to our simple how-to instructions for guidance on using ClassScheduler. 
